hey guys um this is just a small feeding
video this is really Silvana's which one
tentacruel boss so there's a little
video here hope this
go vote good job now you think quite
aggressively now
he got it right here did you get it yep
you got it hit miss
oops let me know
18 house kilometer yeah you want the
Oscar
yes
anything that hits the bottom an epochal
will be channel captain show me honey if
it I think they've grown quite a bit in
with if you can see properly without the
clay you can see that they have a bit of
a thumb up its gonna building about five
and a half inches half yeah and this is
what we're feeding them small pieces of
sausage
ok
haha
now they have gotta cost me anything big
bones that was as far as possible
almost got scared and it happens when
you did open
there are written in front of their
faces like right when they're swimming
can hold on that one has a he's putting
his mouth thing I one's a little too big
for him
like a little school thing we need
normal I would like one more
stop going through not long
it's much clearer
all the oily food from your blossoms
gone
mm-hmm go down step
well damn happy
hope that one swallowed that big piece
finally well the beginning these sucks
they were you thinking grossly but I
think they had enough
most kind of a big piece pin right now
they're about 55 and half inches
um the channel catfish probably grew an
inch madam for about three weeks two
weeks he was seven half-inch even got
him he's now hitting eaten half and
these two pathways go about an inch
Madame for their lemon he was five
inches one goddamn I think he's around
six he was four and I was fighting here
so too baby silver I wanna monsters in
the making and see from that angle
so
I'm hopefully gonna get my red tail on
Sunday hopefully I'm I'm free yeah
that's about it